You're constantly checking your phone the whole day.
Eh? I guess you have a crush on someone.
It's just about work. I went in for a casting call for a music video.
Okay, if you say so.
But if you like someone, you can talk to me.
I want to know who manages to win a heart of a perfect man like you?
Why do you want to know?
Let's talk about you. You haven't found anyone to go to the Awards Ceremony with, right?
I can recommend someone to you.
No, thanks.
I don't want to go out with someone I don't know well enough.
I don't want to be fake.
Actually, I was planning to go alone from the beginning.
Here, do you want some?
Thank you.
Are you sure that this is going to work?
Can we come up with a new plan that is safer?
I'll head straight to her.
When I almost hit her, I will swerve my motorcycle.
I won't let her get hurt.
You guys should get going.
Get ready to be a hero.
Go!
She's coming!
Shit!
My egg tarts!
I'm disappointed. I thought you bought it for me because you knew I like it.
It's probably one of your fans who gave it to you.
It's so good to be famous. People buy you many things.
But that also means I have to sacrifice my private time for that.
(Mook)
Can I take a picture with you?
Of course.
Are you alright?
Are you guys okay?
I'll take you to the hospital.
I'm fine.
But...
Your arm.
Lucky you that the nurse didn't go back yet.
Er... I'm sorry for what happened.
What did you just say?
I'm sorry that you got hurt because of me.
Can you go back home by yourself?
Even if I can't,
I have to endure it.
It's quite painful.
It's inconvenient to be unable to do all the small things.
Also...
Fine.
I'll send you home.
So, where is your house?
My parents are out of town.
So I'm staying alone at the condo.
Also, tomrrow is weekend.
I'm thinking that...
What is it?
It must be nice if someone around here wants to make up for his mistake by helping me clean my wound.
Are you in a lot of pain? Thank you so much for helping him.
You got hurt because of him.
It's not his fault.
It was an accident.
Actually, I have to thank you...
for letting me bother you again.
You're not bothering us at all. Feel free to come here anytime you want.
No one's at home during the weekend, right?
You arm hurts as well.
It must be inconvenient for you.
Q, help him out.
Here.
I help you because you helped me.
Hurry up and eat so you can go home.
I'd better go now, Mom.
Goodbye, Uncle Man.
Thank you so much. The food is really good!
You're welcome.
Q, make sure he arrives home safely. Don't just walk him to the main street.
Alright. I know that.
Hurry back. It's getting late.
Or do you want me to send him home instead?
He's just kidding.
Let's go.
Hey! Listen to me.
Don't mess with your nephew's friend.
I know, Sis!
I know who's mine and who's my nephew's.
Do you think what I'm scared of will actually happen?
Sis, why do you have to worry?
It's not like he's addicted to drugs or killed someone.
Let him make his own decision.
But... It's hard for me to accept it.
Listen to me.
You've raised him and me.
You're the one who always protects me.
You make me feel happy being myself.
But...
I know how painful it is when your parents can't accept the way we are.
Let's get inside.
I can just drop you off downstairs. Why do you want me to come up here?
Just in case you will come tomorrow to help me clean my wound,
you will not go to the wrong room.
Here. A spare key card.
So you won't get into trouble with the security guards.
Take it.
Fine.
You're worried that I won't come?
Well... Is there anything you want to eat?
I'll buy it before I come here.
Just order anything you want to eat.
I think...
The food doesn't matter.
What matters is who you're eating with.
That's so lame.
You're living alone like this,
don't you feel lonely?
I'm already used to it.
It was more lonely when I moved abroad and went to boarding school.
I couldn't talk to anyone.
If it was me, I don't think I could survive.
I think I might die because of boredom.
But I think being alone is not bad
when you have someone to think about.
Okay, okay.
So, is there anything else you want?
There is.
I want to know why you're not...
What is it?
Nothing.
What's wrong with you?
I'm going back home now.
Why you're not reading my message or texting me back?
Hello, Mom. I'll stay at the condo this week.
Okay, sure.
Love you, Mom.
Who called me?
Toy, what's up?
Video call me later.
Let me take a shower first.
They've sent me a lot of text messages.
X texted me too.
Are you awake?
Don't forget to eat breakfast.
Say hi to your mom and Uncle Man for me.
Is there anything I can help?
Do you want me to introduce you to Mook?
I'm sorry.
(I'm sorry. I forgot my phone at home today)
Q, are you still in one piece?
Don't try to be funny. I'm blessed to still be alive today.
Lucky you that X helped you just in time.
By the way,
is he alright?
You fell on him like that. I don't think he could get up anymore.
He's wounded too, right? I think he must be in pain now.
Maybe he might have a fever too.
I don't think he was badly injured.
Don't try to make me feel guilty.
He seemed alright when I sent him home.
He looked fine.
I'm not trying to make you feel guilty.
The girl that almost hit you and X was a medical student that tutors me.
That's what people said.
I guess all those scenes in dramas are so fake.
Frank,
why did your tutor come to our school?
She came to pick up Mook.
I think you don't stand a chance, Q.
What should we do now?
Our "Super Hero" plan already failed.
What a pity.
Mook doesn't like boys?
You can't be sure.
She just answered me.
Thank you for the egg tarts.
Hey!
That means we still have hope
Q, you should text her now.
You should find out whether she talks to you because she's just being polite or because she's interested in you.
That's right.
Toy, you know her schedule, right?
I do.
I think Q should give her something which shows that he's caring and has good intentions.
What do you think?
I think that's a good idea.
Q!
Er... I...
I have something to do this weekend.
Please take care of it for me.
Toy, if you want to buy something, just pay for it first.
Frank, please answer the chat for me.
Okay? I have to go now.
Mom! I'm going out for a while.
Where are you going? It's so late now!
I will go to give medicine to X.
You can go tomorrow. Look at the time.
You should let him rest.
You just left him a few moments ago.
You've been running around for the whole day.
Aren't you tired?
But X might get sick.
Did he look okay before you left him?
Yeah.
Did he say that his body aches or hurts?
Or did he feel like he wanted to vomit or dizzy?
No.
Well then, you should go back to bed.
And if you're so worried about him,
this world has an invention called the telephone.
You can call and ask him.
Mom!
Sis.
You're not worried anymore, right?
(Day 3)
I'm surprised that you came here so early.
You think this is early? It's already 10 a.m.
But this is the earliest time I can come.
I have to help my mom pack the products.
I took Aspirin last night.
So I had a long night's sleep.
Thank you for keeping your promise.
You can stop talking politely to me.
It feels weird.
Why is that?
It's too formal and unfriendly.
How should I talk to you then?
Do we have to show that we're close by calling each other...
dude, dork, jerk, etc.?
Something like that?
Sure. I don't mind.
If I'm close to your mom and Uncle Man,
can I use those words with them too?
That's not what I mean.
Whatever.
I don't want to fight anymore. Just talk however you want.
Maybe because I grew up abroad,
they don't have level of pronoun politeness.
Because everyone is equal.
Also, when you're angry or hate someone,
you will use rude words to call them.
So why do I have to use those rude words with someone I don't hate?
Okay, okay. Do whatever you want.
If you're not used to how I talk,
I can just call you Q.
You're getting on my nerves.
Wait.
Go wash your face and brush your teeth first.
Can I eat it first?
- I'm sick.
- Get up.
Just go!
You can eat it later.
Three scenes for you.
Okay.
After the lighting and camera are ready, I'll let you know.
Sure. Thank you so much.
Mook.
Oh! It's you!
You remember me?
Of course! We're in the same school.
Also...
You're on the school basketball team.
You're so bad at aerobic dancing.
You saw that?
I must be blind if I didn't see you.
You ruined the whole class.
Who is he?
What's your problem?
Er... I...
Wait.
You are...
That dude who rode a motorcycle.
Yes...
Well, I...
Mind, stop teasing him.
This is Mind. She's my sister.
Sister!
Hello! I heard you are a tutor, right?
You tutor my friend.
You're in the same gang as Frank?
That's right!
I have to tutor him later.
I have to go first.
- Okay.
- Be nice to each other. I'll pick you up later.
Of course.
Bye-bye. Drive safely.
Why do you come here to see me?
I...
My friend asks me to give you this.
Oh, Q!
He gave me this yesterday too.
That's right.
Please tell him I say thank you.
I will.
You can give it to me when you see me at school next time.
You don't have to hide.
Well...
My friend, Q, is a shy person.
It's time.
I have to get back to work.
Talk to you later.
Okay!
Yes!